- [Instructor] Let's take a look
at the ManagedThreadFactory API now.
So this is a managed version
of the Java Standard Edition ThreadFactory
that we have taken a look at in our earlier videos.
And of course, this is also to create threads
in the application, and when you talk
about ManagedThreadFactory, this is going
to be managed by the container.
Like your ManagedExecutorService
and your ManagedScheduledExecutorService,
this API, too, can be injected using the JNDI lookup
or the Resource annotation.
Additionally, the interesting thing
with ManagedThreadFactory is that it can be used
with the Java Standard Edition ExecutorService.
Inside the Java Standard Edition platform there is an API,
called java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.
This API allows you to create and execute a service,
specifying your own configuration parameters.
Let's say for the full size, what is a maximum number
of thread that can live in the pool,
what is a keeper lifetime, how many tasks should be held
in the queue, and all of that.
We will see how to do this in the subsequent demo,
but this is just to tell you right now
that this is possible.
And when you create the ExecutorService
out of a ThreadPoolExecutor,
you feed the ManagedThreadFactory API to it
so that all the threads manufactured
this way will run with the container context.
We'll see what we are talking about
when we do the demo in the next video.